So we look at the demand through your system not let's get started with the work history.
Let's begin by looking at the different types of users that the system supports along with what those
users can do.
There are groups of users.
One is the regular user and the other is a staff member a regular user is the one who simply uses a
system for bookmarking like the one we have seen in our Demel.
Staff members are part of our company and they have all the privileges of a regular user but they can
also have some additional capabilities.
So let's review the capabilities of both these types of users Just type of user is the regular user
.
And let's look at the capabilities to this class diagram.
So you are using the methods in the class diagram to describe the user's capabilities not that class
diagrams.
Simply describe the classes that make up a software on a class diagram is a human concept and gives
you don't know what you are Melas it stands for unified modeling language and it is used to visualize
the design office system.
So he you to have a regular user who can bookmark an item since trillionaire lost three types of items
to be a mugger.
We have a separate method for bookmarking each one of those items.
That is same web link same more we unsavable.
Additionally a user can also rate bookmark a user can also review a particular bookmark.
However the review will not be published on the Web site until it is approved by one of the editorial
staff members.
Next type of user is an email administrator who is a staff member email admin can do everything a regular
user does.
Hence you can see that email admin has all the methods that a user has.
Methods that are unique to email admin are emphasized in green.
You can see the most posted a view is also shown in green.
All the user class has that.
And that's because email admins posted a few works slightly differently.
Unlike user email admin does not need any approval for posting a review email admin also has a new method
called handle mail campaign to periodically rants email campaigns with large numbers of emails are sent
out to its users.
And sometimes these email campaigns might get stuck and it would be the responsibility of image admin
to fix the issue.
So this new method is related to handling of such problematic email campaigns.
Next type of user is a continuity teacher who is also the staff member unlet email admin a continuity
there can also do everything a regular user does and does not need any approval for posting a review
.
Additionally Khond continued results are responsible for approving and rejecting reviews posted by regular
users so use the separate methods for both these activities.
If a review is rejected then it will not show up on the website.
Continuity itor is not responsible for handling problematic email campaigns and hence you don't see
a method for that.
Undefined final type of user is a chief content editor who is also a staff member.
It Chief Content Editor can do everything a content editor does and in addition is also responsible
for managing the homepage content that is he or she decides what goes on the homepage.
Most recently book martyrdoms are the ones that go on the homepage hollower some of the book martyrdoms
may not be appropriate to be shown on the homepage unswitched Chief Content Editor acts as a moderator
and makes the final judgment on what can be pushed on to the homepage.
So basically a chief editor can do everything as a regular user does and also everything a content or
network can do.
And that's about it for now.
And it would help us to get started the next chapter.
New features will be introduced later as we learn some more topics.
Thank you.